.TH GNUNET\-FS 1 "2009\-07\-26" "0.8.0c" "FUSE filesystem for GNUnet"

.SH NAME
gnunet\-fs \- FUSE filesystem for GNUnet

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgnunet\-fs\fR [\fB\-a|\-\-anonymity=\fR\fILEVEL\fR] [\fB\-c|\-\-config=\fR\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-l|\-\-logfile=\fR\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-p|\-\-priority=\fR\fILEVEL\fR] [\fB\-u|\-\-uri-files\fR] [\fB\-x|\-\-Xfuse\fR] \fIURI_FILE\fR \fIPATH\fR
.PP
\fBgnunet\-fs\fR \-\-help

.SH DESCRIPTION
gnunet\-fs is the FUSE filesystem for GNUnet.
.PP
You need the URI of a file with the mime\-type of application/gnunet\-directory. You can either publish a directory with gnunet\-insert or do a search for the mime\-type. To mount the URI use the following command.
.PP
$ echo gnunet://ecrs/chk/XXXX/YYYY.NNNN > uri_file
.br
$ gnunet\-fs uri_file /mnt
.PP
Where gnunet://ecrs/chk/XXXX/YYYY.NNNN is the URI and /mnt is the mount point.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\-a, \-\-anonymity=\fILEVEL\fR" 4
set the desired LEVEL of sender-anonymity.
.IP "\-c, \-\-config=\fIFILE\fR" 4
use configuration file FILE.
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 4
print help.
.IP "\-L, \-\-log=\fILOGLEVEL\fR" 4
configure logging to use LOGLEVEL.
.IP "\-l, \-\-logfile=\fIFILE\fR" 4
set logfile name.
.IP "\-p, \-\-priority=\fILEVEL\fR" 4
set the desired LEVEL of priority.
.IP "\-u, \-\-uri\-files" 4
Make .uri files visible.
.IP "\-x, \-\-Xfuse" 4
Escape fuse option.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIgnunet\fR(7)

.SH HOMEPAGE
More information about gnunet\-fuse and the GNUnet project can be found at <\fIhttp://www.gnunet.org/\fR>.

.SH AUTHOR
gnunet\-fs was written by David Barksdale <\fIamatus@gnu.org\fR>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Daniel Baumann <daniel.baumann@progress-technologies.net>.
